Find an element in sorted but rotated array.
Find if number is sum of a particular number and its reverse . For example , given 121 ,we will return one because it is sum of 92 and 29.
Find the unique elements in an array.
Next Greater Number of a given number using same digits.
Given a number of stairs, find the number of ways to reach the end.--fibonacci series
Kth largest element in the unsorted array in a single interaction--- MaxHeap
In given integer array, if any integer is repeating then replace it with a number greater than that number which has not been inserted yet in the array. 
Eg. 1, 3, 4, 5, 3       Output: 1, 3, 4, 5, 6

2,3,1,9,5,3
2,3,3,9,1,5
2,3,3,9,5,1
2,3,9,5,3,1

Write a program to find the nth Fibonacci number considering all test cases.

Given an array of 0's and 1's in any order. Find how many 0's to flipped to make maximum consecutive 1's.

Largest subarray with equal number of 0s and 1s.

Maximum Subarray problem. 

Two integer arrays. Find pair of indexes of pair with given sum. 
Median of a stream of integers, (Take two binary heap)
triplet sum equal to 0
Digits to word conversion
Given two sorted arrays of size m and n respectively, find the element that would be at the k-th position of the final sorted array.
Form the sum n from coins in bag with picking either 1 or 3 coins at a time. 
Find number of ways to make the given sum. All coins have same value.
A live stream of bits and a number k. Check whether the number formed after each bit is divisible by k or not.

Floor and Ceil of X in an array---- Floor is the greatest element which is less than X and Ciel is smallest element which is greater than X
Largest Sum Subarray(Maximum Average Subarray or Subarray Sum Equal to X) ---- Kadane's algorithm {max_so_far = arr[0], max_ending_here=0;}
Sort by Frequency ----
First and Second Smallest ----
Majority Element ---- Number present more than size/2 of array
Arrange Even and Odd ----
Merging two sorted arrays ----
Closest Sum Elements ----
Distinct Elements ----
First Repeating Number ---- keep a set and iterate from end instead of starts
Segregate 0s 1s and 2s ----
Find Occurrences of Number ----
Pythagorean Triplets ---- sort, iterate from last with l=0 and right=n-2
Triplet with given Sum ----
Common Elements in Arrays -----
Smallest Missing Number ----
Max Adjacent Sum ----
Rotate Image ---- Need to go through again atleast 4 times
Distance Between Numbers ---- 
Pair with given difference ----
Find next greater number ----
Leaders in Array ----> Always traverse from the right
Largest Pair Sum ---> take first largest and second largest -> iterate through the 2 to n change first and second largest accordingly then return (first+last)
Consecutive Elements Check ---- can use A.P. formula n/2*(2a+(n-1)*d)  d is the difference of sequence.
Fixed point in sorted array ----> Binary search is the solution 
Reorder array using given indexes ---> exchange one array element to other is the solution
Find the lost element from a duplicated array --- XOR of each element
Maximum element in an array which is increasing and then decreasing -- Binary Search
Smallest positive number missing unsorted array
Find pair with given difference
Count possible triangles ---->sort the array and go with two loops.
Maximum Repeating Number -----> If we want to get the original array back, we can iterate through the array one more time and do arr[i] = arr[i] % k where i varies from 0 to n-1.
Positive Negative Arrangement ---> left right traversal like quick short
Find a Peak element
Shuffle a given array -- iterate from last and generate random number 0-i and inter change the index
Number of smaller elements on right side -- two loops or self balancing tree
Largest subarray with equal number of 0's and 1's
Replace every element with the greatest on the right side in an array
Sorting a k sorted array---- Use a heap or priority qeueu to store 0 to K element then push and pop
Merge Overlapping Intervals
Count of triplets with sum less than given value
Search in a nearly sorted array in O(logn) time
Maximum circular subarray sum
Max Product Subsequence
Maximum product subarray
Product Array Puzzle ---- take sum of each element logs and then take back the antilog sum - log of current element
Arrange given numbers to form the biggest number
Stock Buy Sell to Maximize Profit
Minimum element in a sorted and rotated array
Merge k Sorted Arrays
Flip Zeroes for Consecutive 1's
Least Average Subarray
Minimum difference between any two elements in an array
Number of pairs with given sum
Make Array Palindrome
Rearrange the array with alternate high and low elements
Sort binary array in linear time
Sort an array containing 0’s, 1’s and 2’s (Dutch national flag problem)
Find equilibrium index of an array
Move all zeros present in the array to the end
Find max sub-array with 0 sum
Find maximum sequence of continuous 1’s formed by replacing at-most k zeroes by ones
Find minimum sum subarray of given size k
Find subarray having given sum in given array of integers
Find the length of smallest subarray whose sum of elements is greater than the given number
Find largest number possible from set of given numbers
Find the smallest window in array sorting which will make the entire array sorted
Find maximum sum path involving elements of given arrays
Maximum profit earned by buying and selling shares any number of times
Trapping Rain Water within given set of bars
Longest Increasing Subsequence
Find maximum sum of subsequence with no adjacent elements
Find minimum platforms needed in the station so to avoid any delay in arrival of any train
Check if given array represents min heap or not
Convert Max Heap to Min Heap in linear time
Find K’th largest element in an array
Sort a K-Sorted Array
Merge M sorted lists of variable length
Find K’th smallest element in an array
Find smallest range with at-least one element from each of the given lists
Merge M sorted lists each containing N elements
Iterative Implementation of Quicksort
Hybrid QuickSort
External merge sort
0-1 Knapsack problem
