1) You have the co-ordinates of two rectangles. Find in minimum number of comparisons, if they are overlapping or not.
1)  Write code for implementing Tower of Hanoi problem. What data structures you will use? 
2)  How will you implement the Move function(that moves the disc).
3)  Program for Anagrams. Different approaches(hashing, sorting)
4)  Code for first non-repeating character in the string
5)  Least Common Ancestor for n-ary Tree.
6)  Find whether the given number is power of 10 or not.  
7)  Find the pairs such that there sum will be equal to X.  
8)  Write a piece of code to determine whether two words are anagrams.
9)  Pseudo code to insert element into Binary search tree (iterative & recursive) 
10) Write a piece of code to determine whether a binary tree is a binary search tree or not.
11) Implement a BST with the methods `put(t)`, `contains(t)` and `in_order_traversal`. Get the failing unit tests to pass.
12) Given an array of integers, and a number ‘sum’, find the number of pairs of integers in the array whose sum is equal to ‘sum’.   
13) Given a sorted array which has been rotated k times , need to find k?
14) Write a method to calculate the cubic root of a number to 3 decimal places.
15) A kid wants to travel up n steps. She can only go 1, 2 or 3 steps at a time. How many different ways can she get to the nth step? 
16) Write a piece of code to combine fractions from two arrays into a single array.
17) How would you print all possible permutations for the first n(input) natural numbers 
18) Write a piece of code to determine whether a number is a palindrome.
19) You have a ladder of X steps. You can go up the ladder by taking either one or two steps each time. Write a function to determine how many potential different combinations of one or two steps you could take to the top of the ladder.
20) Given two strings ‘X’ and ‘Y’, find the length of the longest common substring.
21) Why is a binary tree better than a hash table?
22) Why is a hash table better than a binary tree?
23) What’s the difference between a process and a thread?
24) When would you use a thread instead of a process?
25) How does garbage collection work in Java?
26) What differentiates propositional logic from first order logic? Which is better?
27) What’s the difference between Java Heap Space and Stack Memory?
28) What are abstract classes in Java? What’s their purpose?
29) Find the maximum value in this binary tree.
30) How would you write a program to find the biggest number in a list of 10 numbers?
31) Write a piece of code to find the square root of a double number.
32) What’s role-based access control? How would you implement it?
33) How do you calculate linear regression using the least squares method?
34) What is the angle between the hour and minute hand of a clock at 3.15?
