what data structure will you use to implement an elevator?   
design a database for a school and design tables in a most normalized form?   
write a program to find if two trees are identical or not?   
write a program to swap the nth and length-nth node of a linked list?  
tower Hanoi
shortest path problem 
designing a tic tac toe game 
1.Write a program to find frequency of each character in a string.
2.Briefly explain Class, Object, Methods, Member variables, Encapsulation, Abstraction.
3.Make a Queue using Stack.He asked to optimize number of push and pop operations.
4.Make a Stack using Queue.
3.Write a program which takes decimal number as input and gives Roman number as output.
Ex: i/p: 8 o/p: VIII
i/p: 43 o/p:XLIII
range of numbers can vary from 1 to 1000.
4. Design problem: Design database for facebook page subscribers. Write classes and functions involved to implement this. Further he added to implement facebook notification system.
Given an array of size n. It contains numbers in the range 1 to n+2.Each number in the range is present in array except 2 numbers. Find the missing numbers.
Database schema of Flipkart.
largest palindrome substring in a string
How to implement database of facebook
Given to you is 900 digits, main memory can store 100 digits at a time, How u can sort these 900 numbers
Dijkstra’s algo
acid properties
given-a-sequence-of-words-print-all-anagrams-together
code to find whether two strings are anagram or not
what is indexing
1.find all prime numbers till a number(sieve-of-eratosthenes/)
2.find missing and repeating numbers in a file of 1000 lines with a number between 1-1000 on every line(similar to find-a-repeating-and-a-missing-number/)
no of squares in a chessboard,
total count of handshake in a room with x number of people,
code to check whether a particular number is a power of 4 or not
They asked difference between spring and springboot, microservices, service discovery etc.   
DS question to make row and column 0 of a matrix, if i,j contains zero then make ith row 0 and jth column 0.
Write a function which returns n th  element of sequence ? 5 , 25 , 30 , 125 , 130 , 150 , 155 ...........
Binary Tree Question : Given a binary search tree of  integers (distinct), find sum of all integers smaller or equal to k. There can be q such queries but you can answer in case of just 1 such query also.
Remove repeating consequent characters from a large string.
Given two unsorted arrays,find closest pair of numbers
it was in the coding round. Given a center and a radius, draw a circle without using graphics library.   
If you have a text of many million words, how would you find out the most commonly occurring one. 
Given a number, output binary representation of that number.
  
Implement quicksort and print all elements after some given index.

Given an input array, modify it such that it contains alternate minimum and maximum elements.

i/p : a= 1,3,5,6,2,4,7,8 sort it 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8
o/p : a=1,8,2,7,3,6,4,5
given a string with unbalanced parantheses, o/p the correct string.
ip: (a+b)))*(((c-t)
op: (a+b)*(c-t)
write a program api to create, maintain and search a phone address book. Give the suitable tables and data structures required 
Difference between abstract class and interface in java
what is indexing in dbms? ques related to transaction in dbms.What do u mean by ACID properties etc
1) find the second smallest ancestor of two node (if present)
2) design the Voltage Regulator (OOPs)
